Refer A Friend, Earn $500!


Click Here to Refer A Friend

(813) 798-5262
Calculate Your Roof's Cost
Get a Free Estimate
Roofing
Restoration
Commercial Roofing
Siding
HVAC
Financing
Warranty
About Us
Resource Center
Top-Quality Roofing Services in Tampa

As a higher-end small business, you can expect exceptional customer service and premium products from our team.

Get Your Free Roof Estimate

Get your free, no-obligation roof estimate in just minutes — fast, accurate, and hassle-free.

    
4.8 out of 5
Out of 214 Google Reviews
Name
Email
Phone
Address
service
Service

Request Appointment?

Details
Check
Get A Free Estimate
Your information is secure and will never be shared or sold. View our Privacy Policy.​

Tampa Roofing Company

As the leading roofing contractor in Greater Tampa, Southern Pro Restoration offers some of the most reliable products and services.

Roofing
We specialize in residential roofing and provide all the installations, replacements, and repairs a homeowner needs.
Learn More
Commercial Roofing
We are equally skilled with commercial roofing and provide high-quality workmanship that all types of businesses can take advantage of.
Learn More
Storm Damage
Coastal Florida storms are not something you want to mess around with. If your home requires any level of roof repair, we can help.
Learn More
Limited Time Offers

As the leading roofing contractor in Greater Tampa, Southern Pro Restoration offers some of the most reliable products and services.

Refer a Friend, Earn $500 – Share the Love Today!
Love our service? Share it with your friends! If we replace their roof, you both get rewarded!

Share

Learn More
GAF Weather Stopper System Plus Limited Warranty
Protect your property with confidence using the GAF Weather Stopper System Plus Limited Warranty from Southern Pro Restoration in Tampa. Experience peace of mind with our industry-leading roofing solutions.

Share

Learn More
GAF Golden Pledge Warranty
Discover peace of mind with the GAF Golden Pledge Warranty from Southern Pro Restoration in Tampa. Invest in lasting quality and safeguard your home.

Share

Learn More
View All Offers
Decorated Roofing Company in Tampa

We are respected as one of the most reliable, trustworthy, and skilled roofers in the region. Over the years, we have earned countless awards and distinctions that set us apart from the competition. When you hire our roof installers, you can feel confident that you’ll be receiving a high-performing roof installation that adds aesthetic value to your home or business. Besides our quality craftsmanship, hiring our team comes with a range of other desirable benefits that make us the obvious choice for roofing.

Locally Owned and Operated
We are proud to be a local company, giving you peace of mind that we’ll treat your family to the best customer service.
Durable Materials
All of our roofing comes from GAF, so you can be positive that yours will last.
Highly Rated
We maintain an exceptionally high Google rating, proving that we’re respected by the surrounding community.
Stunning New Roofing Systems

We have already helped countless home and business owners achieve the roofing of their dreams. Check out some examples of our work in the gallery.

View All Galleries
Trusted in Tampa

Southern Pro Restoration has become a household name and is respected for the quality service we provide to our customers all across the region. We have completed projects in St. Petersburg, Orlando, Sarasota, and everywhere in between. Whether you live in a metropolitan area, reside in the suburbs, or have a country estate, we are available to help. Learn about all of our locations by viewing the service areas list.


Get A Free Estimate Learn More
Loading...
Hurricane-Rated Tile & Shingle Replacement Roofing

We’re proud to introduce a premium roofing upgrade from BTR Systems — a steel, stone-coated metal roofing system that combines the architectural look of tile with the strength of metal. Designed for enhanced curb appeal and long-term performance, it’s engineered for Florida properties exposed to severe weather. The system withstands wind speeds over 200 MPH, offers Class 4 hail impact resistance, carries a Class A fire rating, and includes a lifetime limited warranty. Its lightweight design meets architectural standards, providing a durable, HOA-friendly solution. Contact us today to learn more about the features and benefits of this premium roofing system.


Get A Free Estimate
Hear What Our Customers Have to Say

When Hurricane Milton struck with powerful, hurricane-force winds, this happy customer's standing seam metal roof truly proved its strength. This testimonial highlights exactly why so many homeowners choose our standing seam metal roofs—not only for their sleek appearance but for their unmatched resilience in the face of extreme weather. We’re proud to offer a Tampa roofing solution that stands up to the elements when it matters most.

Get A Free Estimate Learn More
Expert Roof Installations in Greater Tampa

It’s no secret that we provide flawless roof replacements. This all comes down to the proven process we follow with every project.

Consultation and Quote
We’ll get started by learning about your roof and what service it needs. We’ll then craft a personalized quote so you’re 100% informed of the total cost.
Installation
Once a quote is finalized, we’ll schedule a time to work on your home. When the day comes, our expert contractors will make sure to work diligently and accurately.
Review and Walkthrough
Once we’re complete, we’ll walk you through the entire roofing job and make sure that you’re fully satisfied with the work you received.
Competent Roofers with Exceptional Service

Southern Pro Restoration has been providing top-tier residential and commercial roofing since 2011. In that time, we have become recognized as one of the most talented roofers in the area. Business-wise, we’re accredited by the Better Business Bureau with an A+ rating, ensuring that high standards are always followed. On the technical side, our team consists of GAF Master Elite contractors who all take their craft seriously. We’ve also won countless awards, such as the HomeAdvisor “Elite Service.” No matter what type of roofing installation or repair you need, you can trust that we’re the professionals to call.


Get A Free Estimate Learn More

Tampa Office

9260 Bay Plaza Blvd #501
Tampa, FL 33619
(813) 798-5262
Like us on Facebook
 
Follow us on Twitter
 
Follow us on LinkedIn
 
Review us on Google
 
Subscribe on YouTube
 
Follow us on Yelp

Help

Contact
Warranty
Financing
Customer Service

Products

Roofing
Commercial Roofing
Storm Damage

Service Areas

Tampa, FL
St. Petersburg, FL
Orlando, FL
Sarasota, FL
Bradenton, FL
View All

Company

About
Blog
Offers
Reviews
Careers
Past Projects
    
4.8 out of 5
Out of 214 Google Reviews
Privacy Policy · Site Map
© 2013 - 2026 Southern Pro Restoration
Instant Roof Quote